#LyX 2.5 created this file. For more info see https://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 643
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass IEEEtran
\begin_preamble
% for subfigures/subtables
\usepackage[caption=false,font=footnotesize]{subfig}

% color for code
\usepackage{xcolor}
\definecolor{codegreen}{rgb}{0,0.6,0}
\definecolor{codegray}{rgb}{0.5,0.5,0.5}
\definecolor{codepurple}{rgb}{0.58,0,0.82}
\definecolor{backcolour}{rgb}{0.95,0.95,0.92}
\end_preamble
\options journal
\use_default_options false
\maintain_unincluded_children no
\language english
\language_package none
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding auto
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_roman_osf false
\font_sans_osf false
\font_typewriter_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures false
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command bibtex
\index_command default
\float_placement tbh
\float_alignment class
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref true
\pdf_title "Your Title"
\pdf_author "Your Name"
\pdf_bookmarks true
\pdf_bookmarksnumbered true
\pdf_bookmarksopen true
\pdf_bookmarksopenlevel 1
\pdf_breaklinks false
\pdf_pdfborder true
\pdf_colorlinks false
\pdf_backref false
\pdf_pdfusetitle false
\pdf_quoted_options "pdfpagelayout=OneColumn, pdfnewwindow=true, pdfstartview=XYZ, plainpages=false"
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification default
\crossref_package prettyref
\use_formatted_ref 0
\use_minted 0
\use_lineno 0
\backgroundcolor none
\fontcolor none
\notefontcolor lightgray
\boxbgcolor red
\table_border_color default
\table_odd_row_color default
\table_even_row_color default
\table_alt_row_colors_start 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 2
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tablestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\change_bars false
\postpone_fragile_content false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\docbook_table_output 0
\docbook_mathml_prefix 1
\docbook_mathml_version 0
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
This is a template \SpecialChar LyX
 file for articles to be submitted to journals of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE).
 For IEEE conference articles,
 see the template file 
\emph on
IEEEtran-Conference.lyx
\emph default
.
 For general info see 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
https://wiki.lyx.org/Examples/IEEE
\end_layout

\end_inset

.
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset Note Note
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
It is important that you use the correct document class options for your document..
 These are explained in the IEEEtran documentation:
 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
https://mirrors.ctan.org/macros/latex/contrib/IEEEtran/IEEEtran_HOWTO.pdf
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Title
Project Proposal:
 AM/FM Radio Tuner
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Jacob Feenstra and Chun-Ho Chen
\end_layout

\begin_layout Page headings
\begin_inset Argument 1
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout
EEC 172 Final Lab,
 WQ2026
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Description
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Quick description (still very much work in progress):
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
LastFM API can pull:
 album covers,
 artist bio,
 similar artists,
 genres,
 and more.
 Have a tab system for OLED display,
 allowing different systems for each component specified.
 
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Includes much support (but not comprehensive support) for musixmatch to print lyrics.
 Syncing lyrics may be out of scope of what LastFM provides.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Makes use of WiFi card
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Acquire LastFM data from RDS/RDBS signature in FM broadband protocol.
 With the artist and song name,
 can the LastFM API from there and acquire a huge host of data.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Need a DSP radio module for picking up frequencies,
 and an antenna to ensure the connection is strong and reduces noise.
 Focus on something like the Si4731,
 and work strictly with FM radio,
 since it has RDS/RDBS,
 and most modern radios are FM (AM is very limited,
 and practically non-existent for music radios)
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Makes use of SPI/I2C protocol
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Si4731 needs two 4.7 kOhm resistors connecting SDA and SCL lines to the 3.3v rail.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Use our S10-S3 remote to send inputs via IR receiver to the DSP radio module,
 allowing a user to 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

tune
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 like they would a car radio.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Makes use of SPI protocol
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Mute button
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Volume up & down button
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Numeric buttons for FM radio
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Optional:
 Alphabetical buttons (use multi-tap from lab 3?) to search by radio callsign (KDVS Davis,
 Radio BBC 1).
 Would possible query radio-browser.info if we go this route.
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Simple speaker peripheral device.
 Haven't looked into this yet,
 may involve a different communication protocol.
 Can be used with DSP radio module to take in signal and output audio.
 Further research is required
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Audio amplifier module (PAM8403 for digital,
 LM386 for analog) to boost the signal
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
1 uf to 10 uf capacitors on the R/L output lines to block the DC bias?
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Power is supplied by CC3200.
 More power may be needed?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Design
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Functional Specification
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
System Architecture
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Implementation Goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Minimal
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Stretch
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Target
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Bill of Materials
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
